a nice banana and pecan flavor you must
remember your mom making very cases not
far off put equal amounts of castor
sugar and butter into the mixing bowl
three eggs for this
one hour time
right let's have a look look this is my
favorite part it will make you sick I
would eat it all like this I tell ya mmm
me pecans and me bananas now okay I want
these to mash in to that cream okay
couple of bananas but just mash them up
yet back of the fork so in me a banana
he can't you can smash them up but
welcome home may be like a handful they
are brush it all in this is a poly
lovely now for the flower just a level
teaspoon baking powder okay
pinch of salt just to help the flavor
and then cinnamon you know a nice heat
to spoon in there so give me a little
mix up all the dry ingredients just
serve us all balanced now a little bit
at a time because it will go all over my
shirt
ha I'm really smart cinnamon now just
folding is at this point you want them
to be light and fluffy that bananas
getting in there the color that's good
for me that's enough no I got these
pretty little cupcake cases little tip
if you use an ice cream scoop you could
balance out exactly how much sitting in
there all rise at the same height a nice
scoop all right one of them let's make
sure you get a nice fit an honor of
pecan as well so it's all even
lovely mm-hmm or 25 minutes honey
you